Those creatures are taking over the world? That is so mean. 
	Good riddance.
I've got a major wedgie. 
We're here to solve a mystery. 
	I'm a black-belt now. I've transformed my body into a dangerous weapon.
	I'm not helpless. I'm not helpless. I am helpless. I'm gonna die. 
	Who's helpless now?
	Hey, I'm me again.
	Now, who's the damsel in distress? 
	I am so over this damsel in distress nonsense. 
	I'm looking for clues behind the strange behavior of the college students. 
	I've got this. I've got this. I don't got this. 
Let go of me! Help! 
	This is so uncool, and you're messing up my hair. 
	You guys are going to look like total, total idiots when you're captured and I'm the one saving you. 
	Think positive! 
	image is everything. Okay the whole city is watching, so try to keep a brave face. 
	I enjoy being a girl. 
	do you think that I'm just a pretty face? 
	Everyone has flaws. You just have to make sure the other person doesn't see them. 
	You won't get away with this! 
	What do we have to lose? It's the best lead we've had all day! 
Jeepers!
	Um... would you do it for some Scooby Snacks?
	At least I *try* to look feminine! 
	here's the only thing you ever need to know about men: They are stupid. If you give a man two choices, a smart one and a stupid one, he will always make the stupid one every time. That's why you never give them a choice. 
	Oh, no! 
	I can't wait to get out of these clothes and into my jammies.  But wait... I don't have any jammies! 
Did that hurt? 
	Boy! Am I glad to see you.
For centuries the Blakes have been falling through trap doors, finding secret passageways, getting kidnapped, and getting caught in traps of our own creation. The Blakes have been famous for being-how should I put this?- danger prone. 
	Thank goodness!
	Don't tell me you're scared.
	Sure is a groovy day for a party
	Way to go, "Danger-prone Daphne."
	There's no such things as MONSTERS!
	Help!
	~name~ get serious!
There are no such thing as ghosts.
	Actually, every time there seemed to be a monster, it was just bad guys in masks.
	This is more haunted than I really wanted!
	I need a break. My feet hurt. 
	This is so boring!
Let me out of here! Let me out of here!
	Wow! I wonder how I get out of this creepy inter-sanctum. Well my intuition tells me...that way
	I thought you were supposed to take some actual clothes off, ~name~. It must have been my imagination.
	You shouldn't believe everything you read.
	Men!
	That ghost pawed me for an hour and a half.
	Just once, it would be nice if someone thanked us for solving a mystery.
	You don't know what you've uncovered.
	Fred and I are just friends - but we're really good friends. And I don't know, it feels like cheating. On a friend.
	This is nice.
	I'm telling you, she's up to something!
	Oh, this is so exciting
	Wow, that was very... poetical.
	You're awesome with all your deep thoughts and poetical nobility and stuff. But my heart has always been with Freddy.
	I love what you've done with your hair.
	Another mystery solved.
	I'm sorry. You'll get through this.
That doesn't make any sense.
	What was that thing?
	We'll see if there's anything mysterious going on here.
	Now that you've got it, what are you going to do with it?
Why are we talking about this so much? Can we just, change the subject now, please? This is none of your business!

I'm getting ch-chilly
Keep your eyes to yourself!
Jeez... you've been lucky
	This was a dumb idea
	I can't believe I'm doing this
	Let's watch TV instead. Maybe something about four detectives and their dog?
	Ohh, its getting chilly in here
	I'd better start winning soon.
	I like my body too.
	Just shut up and deal the next round already.
	I don't believe this
	Please! Control yourself!
	Can I just go back to the Mystery Machine now?
	How did I ever get talked into this? Damn you, Fred!
Now let's maintain decorum.
Just keep your eyes on the cards.
	We'll go shopping later.

	Wow! I've certainly lived a sheltered life.
	Other than this, how is your night?
	I'm having a great time tonight!
	It's nice of you to keep losing
	That's a good look for you.
	Don't be modest.
	Sure beats watching some stupid TV show about four detectives and their dog.
	I've got you now!
	Are you getting nervous?
Let me see your stuff
I'm dying to see your undies
	Let's see some more
